d'oh assignment. That is not a good fit. So you know, you've got each
command is roughly two years. We've got 10 to years commands. If you're
gonna deal with 20 years, that time you're gonna after Mads that
you're gonna like and have a talk myself. A 30 year career. By that
logic, I had 15 commands. So roughly at 17 commands told from fuck
the beginning and off 17. There's only three of 17 that I would say
I would not go back to. I would not go back to that work. I did. I hope
you have a lovely like that you're joining. But when you're enduring
those 3 17 are not comfortable, not fun, if you will. Was drawn
the Navy to see the world Have a great war. Have some fun along the
way. Or are you doing frankly? What are you doing? One thing your labor
is if it's a personnel conflict, you or the other person is going
to roll. Thank you. Your throat. I don't want anyone to stand off
for two years. Frankly, if they're out of cycle means just a year before
that person or persons changed out, so best thing to do at that
point is Brendan Barrett. That apple tour Because you don't want to
be labeled as the problem, child. Couldn't get it done. So do your
tour serve the nation? Remember, I This is one of my flight 17. Well,
okay, that's okay. You do that because the other 14 gonna be passed.
That's a pretty good bad marriage.